Add the Swan Lake GA Release Note (#3669)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.0.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Standard Library Updates

#### New Features

##### `graphql` Package
- Added the CORS configuration support

##### `http` Package

- Implemented typed `headers` for the HTTP response
- Added the `map<string>` data binding support for `application/www-x-form-urlencoded`
- Added support to provide an inline request/response body with `x-form-urlencoded` content
- Added compiler plugin validation for usage of the `@http:Payload` annotation

#### Improvements

##### `graphql` Package
- Removed the deprecated `add` method in the `graphql:Context` object.

##### `grpc` Package
- Changed the `--proto_path` option of the gRPC command to `--proto-path`

##### `websub` Package
- Added support for `readonly` parameters in remote methods

#### `websubhub` Package
- Added support for `readonly` parameters in remote methods

##### `kafka` Package
- Made the `kafka:Caller` optional in the `onConsumerRecord` method of the `kafka:Service`
- Allowed the `readonly & kafka:ConsumerRecord[]` parameter type in the `onConsumerRecord` method

### Code to Cloud Updates

#### Improvements

> - Removed the `awslambda` and `azure_functions` packages support in single file projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `awslambda` and `azure_functions` module support for single `.bal` files
```

Same as https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/3669#discussion_r795710310

Author: @anuruddhal

Reviewer 2: +1. lets commit the suggestion

---
layout: ballerina-left-nav-release-notes
title: Swan Lake 2201.0.0
permalink: /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201-0-0/
active: swan-lake-2201-0-0
redirect_from: 
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201-0-0
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes
---

### Overview of Ballerina Swan Lake 2201.0.0

> <em>Swan Lake 2201.0.0 is the first major release of 2022, and it includes a new set of features and significant improvements to the compiler, runtime, standard library, and developer tooling. It is based on the 2022R1 version of the Language Specification.</em> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<em>2201.0.0 (Swan Lake) is the first major release of 2022, and it includes a new set of features and significant improvements to the compiler, runtime, standard library, and developer tooling. It is based on the 2022R1 version of the Language Specification.</em> 
```

### Updating Ballerina

> If you are already using Ballerina, use the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/cli-documentation/update-tool/#using-the-update-tool) to directly update to Swan Lake 2201.0.0 by running the command below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are already using Ballerina, use the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/cli-documentation/update-tool/#using-the-update-tool) to directly update to 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake) by running the command below.
```

      }
      
      function getAddress() returns string => string:'join(", ", ...self.address);
   }
      
   public function main() {
      Person person = new ("May", ["Palm Grove", "Colombo 3"]);
      
      // This, which was allowed previously results in an error now.
      readonly readOnlyValue = person;
   }
   ```

- Fixed a bug that resulted in invalid table lookups due to not distinguishing between `int`, `float`, and `decimal` zero.

  ```ballerina
  import ballerina/io;
   
  type Employee record {|
     readonly int|float|decimal age;
     int code;
  |};
   
  public function main() {
     table<Employee> key(age) empTable = table [
         {age: 0, code: 100} // int `0` is the key
     ];
   
     Employee? v1 = empTable[0f]; // Lookup with float `0` as the key.
     io:println(v1 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
   
     Employee? v2 = empTable[0d]; // Lookup with decimal `0` as the key.
     io:println(v2 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
   
     Employee? v3 = empTable[0]; // Lookup with int `0` as the key.
     io:println(v3 is Employee); // Only this will continue to be `true`.
  }
  ```

> To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FCompilerFE+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FCompilerFE+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22).
```

- Added support to provide an inline request/response body with `x-form-urlencoded` content
- Added compiler validation for the payload annotation usage

#### Improvements

##### `graphql` Package
- Removed the deprecated `add` method in the `graphql:Context` object.

##### `grpc` Package
- Changed the `--proto_path` option of the gRPC CLI to `--proto-path`

##### `websub` Package
- Added the support for `readonly` parameters of remote methods

#### `websubhub` Package
- Added the support for `readonly` parameters of remote methods

##### `kafka` Package
- Made the `kafka:Caller` optional in the `onConsumerRecord` method of the `kafka:Service`
- Allow the `readonly & kafka:ConsumerRecord[]` parameter type in the `onConsumerRecord` method

#### Bug Fixes

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/issues?q=is%3Aclosed+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%22Swan+Lake+2201.0.0%22+label%3AType%2FBug).

### Code to Cloud Updates

#### Improvements
- Removed the `awslambda` and `azure_functions` packages support in single file projects

#### Bug Fixes

> To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-c2c/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+2201.0.0%22).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-c2c/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22+label%3AType%2FBug).
```

- Added the module auto-import feature to the Ballerina Shell
- Added the import statement for a module, which has a reference without an import statement based on the user’s input

   For example, see below.
    ```ballerina
    =$ io:println("HelloWorld")
    |
    | Found following undefined module(s).
    | io
    |
    | Following undefined modules can be imported.
    | 1. io
    Do you want to import mentioned modules (yes/y) (no/n)? y
    |
    | Adding import: import ballerina/io
    | Import added: import ballerina/io
    
    HelloWorld
    ```

#### Improvements

##### Ballerina OpenAPI Tool
###### OpenAPI Contract Generation
- Added the support for Ballerina HTTP headers with type `int`, `int[]`, `boolean`, and `boolean[]`
- Added the support for Ballerina HTTP payloads with type `map<string>`
- Improved the OAS response header mapping for contexts in which the header details are defined within the return type

###### Ballerina Service Generation
- Added the support for OAS query parameters with nested/optional/nullable types and default values
- Added the support for OAS header parameters with optional/nullable types and default values

#### Bug Fixes

> To view bug fixes, see the GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0 of the repositories below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To view bug fixes, see the GitHub milestone for 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake) of the repositories below.
```

> - [Language Server](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FLanguageServer+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+GA%22)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Language Server](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22+is%3Aclosed+label%3ATeam%2FLanguageServer)
```

- [Language Server](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22+is%3Aclosed+label%3ATeam%2FLanguageServer)

> - [Update Tool](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-update-tool/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+project%3Aballerina-platform%2F32)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [Update Tool](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-update-tool/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug)
```

> - [OpenAPI](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+2201.0.0%22)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [OpenAPI](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/openapi-tools/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug)
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Ballerina Shell](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AArea%2FShell+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22+label%3AType%2FBug)

```

---
layout: ballerina-left-nav-release-notes
title: Swan Lake 2201.0.0
permalink: /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201-0-0/
active: swan-lake-2201-0-0
redirect_from: 
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201-0-0
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/
    - /downloads/swan-lake-release-notes
---

### Overview of Ballerina Swan Lake 2201.0.0

> <em>Swan Lake 2201.0.0 is the first major release of 2021 and it includes a new set of features and significant improvements to the compiler, runtime, standard library, and developer tooling. It is based on the 2021R1 version of the Language Specification.</em> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
<em>Swan Lake 2201.0.0 is the first major release of 2022 and it includes a new set of features and significant improvements to the compiler, runtime, standard library, and developer tooling. It is based on the 2021R1 version of the Language Specification.</em> 
```

Reviewer: Need to fix the spec version also.

```suggestion
<em>Swan Lake 2201.0.0 is the first major release of 2022, and it includes a new set of features and significant improvements to the compiler, runtime, standard library, and developer tooling. It is based on the 2022R1 version of the Language Specification.</em> 
```

### Updating Ballerina

> If you are already using Ballerina, use the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/tooling-guide/cli-tools/update-tool/) to directly update to Swan Lake Beta6 by running the command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are already using Ballerina, use the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/tooling-guide/cli-tools/update-tool/) to directly update to Swan Lake 2201.0.0 by running the command below.
```

or

```suggestion
If you are already using Ballerina, use the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/tooling-guide/cli-tools/update-tool/) to directly update to Swan Lake by running the command below.
```

or

```suggestion
If you are already using Ballerina, use the [Ballerina Update Tool](/learn/tooling-guide/cli-tools/update-tool/) to directly update to 2201.0.0 by running the command below.
```

> `bal dist pull 2201.0.0`

### Installing Ballerina

If you have not installed Ballerina, then download the [installers](/downloads/#swanlake) to install.

### Language Updates

#### New Features

##### Support to Refer to Parameters and Local Variables in Object Constructor Expressions

> Object constructor expressions can now refer to parameters and local variables. This feature is also available when using an object constructor expression with the `service` qualifier to create a service object. These references can be in field initializers and object methods including the `init` method.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Object constructor expressions can now refer to parameters and local variables. This feature is also available when using an object constructor expression with the `service` qualifier to create a service object. These references can be in field initializers and object methods, including the `init` method.
```

```ballerina

> type Person object {
>    string name;
>    string code;
>   
>    function getRegistrationId(string prefix) returns string;
> };
>  
> function createPerson(string name, int id, string department) returns Person|error {
>    string codeId = check getCode(id);
>  
>    Person person = object {
>        string name;
>        string code = codeId; // Refers to the `codeId` local variable.
>  
>        function init() {
>            self.name = name; // Refers to the `name` parameter.
>        }
>  
>        function getRegistrationId(string prefix) returns string {
>            string regId = department + ":" + self.code; // Refers to the `department` parameter.
>  
>            if (prefix.length() > 0) {
>                return prefix + "-" + regId;
>            }
>  
>            return regId;
>        }
>    };
>  
>    return person;
> }
>  
> function getCode(int id) returns string|error {
>    if id < 0 {
>        return error("Invalid ID");
>    }
>    return id.toString();
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Person object {
    string name;
    string code;

    function getRegistrationId(string prefix) returns string;
};

function createPerson(string name, int id, string department) returns Person|error {
    string codeId = check getCode(id);

    Person person = object {
        string name;
        string code = codeId; // Refers to the `codeId` local variable.

        function init() {
            self.name = name; // Refers to the `name` parameter.
        }

        function getRegistrationId(string prefix) returns string {
            string regId = department + ":" + self.code; // Refers to the `department` parameter.

            if (prefix.length() > 0) {
                return prefix + "-" + regId;
            }

            return regId;
        }
    };

    return person;
}

function getCode(int id) returns string|error {
    if id < 0 {
        return error("Invalid ID");
    }
    return id.toString();
}
```

```

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed a bug that caused constants to be resolved with incorrect types in certain scenarios. The type of constants is now the intersection of readonly and the singleton type containing just the shape of the value named by the constant.

  ```ballerina
  // Previously, the type of X was `int` and now it is singleton `2`.
  const int X = 1 + 1;
   
  public function main() {
     // Now results in an error.
     X y = 3;
  }
  ```

  ```ballerina
  // Previously, the type of X was `map<int>` and now it is the intersection of readonly
  // and the singleton type containing just the mapping value `{a: 1}`.
  const map<int> X = {a: 1};
   
  public function main() {
     // Now, this results in an error.
     X y = {a: 2};
  }
  ```

> - Fixed a spec deviation in type narrowing. This may result in types that were previously narrowed no longer being narrowed

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Fixed a spec deviation in type narrowing. This may result in types that were previously narrowed no longer being narrowed.
```

Author: We didn't use the full stop in other bullet points. Therefore, need to do the same here to preserve consistency.

Author: Please check the Standard Library updates section.

Reviewer: Lang bullet points have more details, so I think we can make an exception for these.

Author: +1

Consider the following records.

  ```ballerina
  type Employee record {
     int id;
     string name;
     string department;
  };
   
  type Student record {
     string id;
     string name;
     int grade;
  };
  ```

Previously, when a type test was used as follows, the type of `v` in the else block was narrowed to `Student`.

  ```ballerina
  function fn(Employee|Student v) {
     if v is Employee {
         // `v` is narrowed to `Employee` here.
         string dept = v.department;
     } else {
         // `v` was previously narrowed to `Student` here.
         // Will now result in a compilation error.
         int grade = v.grade;
     }
  }
  ```

> Even though jBallerina currently allows only values that belong to either `Employee` or `Student` to be passed as arguments for the parameter of type `Employee|Student`, the Ballerina specification defines subtyping to be semantic. This along with mutability would mean that a value that does not belong to `Employee` nor `Student` but belongs to `Employee|Student` can be passed as an argument here, which results in the possibility of the value not belonging to `Student` in the else block.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Even though jBallerina currently allows only values that belong to either `Employee` or `Student` to be passed as arguments for the parameter of type `Employee|Student`, the Ballerina specification defines subtyping to be semantic. This, along with mutability, would mean that a value that does not belong to `Employee` nor `Student` but belongs to `Employee|Student` can be passed as an argument here, which results in the possibility of the value not belonging to `Student` in the else block.
```

     Error error(message1, code = code1, identifier = identifier1) = err; // error for 'code = code1'
   
     // Similarly, attempting to bind an undefined (non-required) `fatal` field will
     // also result in a compilation error.
     var error(message, fatal = fatal) = err; // error for 'fatal = fatal'
  }
  ```

- Fixed a bug in the compiler that resulted in some illegal variable shadowing scenarios not being detected. Ballerina allows shadowing only variables that belong to the module scope

  ```ballerina
  function fn(int y, int z) returns int {
     function (int, int, int) returns int f = (x, y, z) => x + y + z; // error: redeclared symbols 'y' and 'z'
   
     int x = 34; // This is not in an overlapping scope, so, it does not result in an error.
     return f(12, 32, 33);
  }
   
  function createService(int age) returns
         service object { public function getAgeInFiveYears(int age) returns int; } {
     return service object {
             public function getAgeInFiveYears(int age) returns int { // error: redeclared symbol 'age'
                 return 5 + age;
             }
         };
  }
  ```

> - Fixed a bug that caused classes with all `final` fields of immutable types to be considered a `readonly class` (i,e., a subtype of `readonly`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused classes with all `final` fields of immutable types to be considered a `readonly class` (i.e., a subtype of `readonly`).
```

         self.address = address.cloneReadOnly();
     }
   
     function getAddress() returns string => string:'join(", ", ...self.address);
  }
   
  public function main() {
     Person person = new ("May", ["Palm Grove", "Colombo 3"]);
    
     // This, which was allowed previously results in an error now.
     readonly readOnlyValue = person;
  }
  ```

- Fixed a bug that resulted in invalid table lookups due to not distinguishing between `int`, `float`, and `decimal` zero.

  ```ballerina
  import ballerina/io;
   
  type Employee record {|
     readonly int|float|decimal age;
     int code;
  |};
   
  public function main() {
     table<Employee> key(age) empTable = table [
         {age: 0, code: 100} // int `0` is the key
     ];
   
     Employee? v1 = empTable[0f]; // Lookup with float `0` as the key.
     io:println(v1 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
   
     Employee? v2 = empTable[0d]; // Lookup with decimal `0` as the key.
     io:println(v2 is Employee); // Previously `true`, now `false`.
   
     Employee? v3 = empTable[0]; // Lookup with int `0` as the key.
     io:println(v3 is Employee); // Only this will continue to be `true`.
  }
  ```

> To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+2201.0.0%22+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FCompilerFE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FCompilerFE+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22).
```

### Runtime Updates

> #### New Features
> 
> #### Improvements
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Bug Fixes

> To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+2201.0.0%22+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FjBallerina).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FjBallerina+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+2201.0.0%22).
```

Reviewer 3: Made a slight edit to the above suggestion: Swan Lake 2201.0.0 -> 2201.0.0 (Swan Lake)

### Standard Library Updates

#### New Features

##### `graphql` Package
- Added the CORS configuration support

##### `http` Package

- Implemented typed `headers` for the HTTP response
- Added the `map<string>` data binding support for `application/www-x-form-urlencoded`
- Added support to provide an inline request/response body with `x-form-urlencoded` content

> - Added compiler validation for the payload annotation usage

Reviewer: Should this be

```suggestion
- Added compiler plugin validation for usage of the `@http:Payload` annotation
```

or

```suggestion
- Added compile-time validation for usage of the `@http:Payload` annotation
```

@shafreenAnfar

#### Improvements

##### `graphql` Package
- Removed the deprecated `add` method in the `graphql:Context` object.

##### `grpc` Package

> - Changed the `--proto_path` option of the gRPC CLI to `--proto-path`

Reviewer: Should we say command instead of CLI? @daneshk 

```suggestion
- Changed the `--proto_path` option of the gRPC command to `--proto-path`
```

##### `websub` Package

> - Added the support for `readonly` parameters of remote methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for `readonly` parameters in remote methods
```

#### `websubhub` Package

> - Added the support for `readonly` parameters of remote methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for `readonly` parameters in remote methods
```

##### `kafka` Package
- Made the `kafka:Caller` optional in the `onConsumerRecord` method of the `kafka:Service`

> - Allow the `readonly & kafka:ConsumerRecord[]` parameter type in the `onConsumerRecord` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allowed the `readonly & kafka:ConsumerRecord[]` parameter type in the `onConsumerRecord` method
```

#### Bug Fixes

> To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/issues?q=is%3Aclosed+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%22Swan+Lake+2201.0.0%22+label%3AType%2FBug).

Reviewer: Doesn't work. Couldn't find a milestone either.

@shafreenAnfar, @daneshk, shouldn't the standard library have this milestone?

@praneesha, if there won't be such a milestone for GA, we'll have to remove this.

Reviewer 3: Had a chat with Shafreen regarding this. Apparently std lib issues aren't tagged with a GA milestone. Let's remove this.

Author: Removed.

### Code to Cloud Updates

> 
> #### New Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Improvements

> - The `awslambda` and `azure_functions` packages are no longer supported in single file projects

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be
```suggestion
- The `awslambda` and `azure_functions` modules are no longer supported with single `.bal` files
```

Reviewer: @anuruddhal

Reviewer 3: Should be packages, not modules?

Reviewer: Package is just how it is structured, right? What's imported is a module?

Author: Will be addressed inhttps://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/3669#discussion_r795828230.

#### Bug Fixes

To view bug fixes, see the GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0 of the repositories below.

- [C2C](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-c2c/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+2201.0.0%22)

### Developer Tools Updates

#### New Features

##### Ballerina Shell

> - Added the module auto-import feature to the Ballerina Shell
> - Added the import statement for a module, which has a reference without an import statement based on the user’s input

Reviewer: Aren't these the same? @DamithaSenevirathne 

Shall we say
```suggestion
- Added the module auto-import feature to the Ballerina Shell. If the user code contains a module prefix for a module that has not been imported, the Ballerina Shells provides the option to import the module.

```

Reviewer 6: yes, +1 to update this

Reviewer 3: +1. More like the Shell provides an interactive prompt for automatically adding the missing imports

For example, see below.
    ```ballerina

>     =$ io:println("HelloWorld")
>     |
>     | Found following undefined module(s).
>     | io
>     |
>     | Following undefined modules can be imported.
>     | 1. io
>     Do you want to import mentioned modules (yes/y) (no/n)? y
>     |
>     | Adding import: import ballerina/io
>     | Import added: import ballerina/io
>     
>     HelloWorld

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    =$ io:println("Hello World")
    |
    | Found following undefined module(s).
    | io
    |
    | Following undefined modules can be imported.
    | 1. io
    Do you want to import mentioned modules (yes/y) (no/n)? y
    |
    | Adding import: import ballerina/io
    | Import added: import ballerina/io
    
    Hello World
```

Reviewer 6: @praneesha is alignment correct in this section ?

Author: Yes.

    ```

#### Improvements

> ##### Ballerina OpenAPI Tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Ballerina OpenAPI Tool

```

###### OpenAPI Contract Generation

> - Added the support for Ballerina HTTP headers with type `int`, `int[]`, `boolean`, and `boolean[]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for HTTP headers of types `int`, `int[]`, `boolean`, and `boolean[]`
```

Reviewer: @lnash94, please verify?

Reviewer: This and subsequent bullet points, seems like they've already been incorporated.

> - Added the support for Ballerina HTTP payloads with type `map<string>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for HTTP payloads of type `map<string>`
```

- Improved the OAS response header mapping for contexts in which the header details are defined within the return type

###### Ballerina Service Generation

> - Added the support for OAS query parameters with nested/optional/nullable types and default values
> - Added the support for OAS header parameters with optional/nullable types and default values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for OAS query parameters with nested/optional/nullable types and default values
- Added support for OAS header parameters with optional/nullable types and default values
```

#### Bug Fixes

To view bug fixes, see the GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0 of the repositories below.

- [Language Server](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FLanguageServer+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+GA%22)

> - [Update Tool](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-update-tool/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+project%3Aballerina-platform%2F32)

Reviewer: Empty? @keizer619

- [OpenAPI](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3AType%2FBug+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+2201.0.0%22)

#### Ballerina Packages Updates

#### New Features

#### Improvements

#### Bug Fixes

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake 2201.0.0](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/issues?q=is%3Aclosed+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%22Swan+Lake+2201.0.0%22+label%3AType%2FBug).

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
